Add logic to create @webref/css package (#115)
w3c/webref: packages/css/README.md

# CSS definitions of the web platform

This package contains CSS property definitions scraped from the latest versions of web platform specifications in [webref](https://github.com/w3c/webref), with fixes applied to ensure all CSS value definitions can be parsed with [CSSTree](https://github.com/csstree/csstree).

# API

The async `listAll()` method resolves with an object where the keys are spec shortnames, and the values are the result of parsing the CSS files as JSON. Example:

```js
const css = require('@webref/css');

const parsedFiles = await css.listAll();
for (const [shortname, json] of Object.entries(parsedFiles)) {
  // do something with the json object
}
```

> CSS fragments that appear in the JSON objects, in other words the contents of the `properties[].value`, `properties[].newValue`, `descriptors[].value` and `valuespaces[].value` properties can be parsed with the [CSSTree Value Definition Syntax parser](https://github.com/csstree/csstree/blob/master/docs/definition-syntax.md#value-definition-syntax). Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS fragments that appear in the JSON objects, in other words the contents of the `properties[].value`, `properties[].newValues`, `descriptors[].value` and `valuespaces[].value` properties can be parsed with the [CSSTree Value Definition Syntax parser](https://github.com/csstree/csstree/blob/master/docs/definition-syntax.md#value-definition-syntax). Example:
```

# CSS definitions of the web platform

> This package contains CSS property definitions scraped from the latest versions of web platform specifications in [webref](https://github.com/w3c/webref), with fixes applied to ensure ([almost](#guarantees)) all CSS value definitions can be parsed with [CSSTree](https://github.com/csstree/csstree).

Reviewer: Do we still have this guarantee? If not this and the guarantees section below needs updating.

Author: That is why I added the "(almost)" with a link to the guarantees section, which explains that there remains a handful of exceptions in practice.

# API

> The async `listAll()` method resolves with an object where the keys are spec shortnames, and the values are the result of parsing the CSS files as JSON. Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The async `listAll()` method resolves with an object where the keys are spec shortnames, and the values are the data for that spec. Example:
```

The fact that JSON is used internally in the package need not show up here I think.

```js
const css = require('@webref/css');

const parsedFiles = await css.listAll();

> for (const [shortname, json] of Object.entries(parsedFiles)) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for (const [shortname, data] of Object.entries(parsedFiles)) {
```

  // do something with the json object
}
```

> CSS fragments that appear in the JSON objects, in other words the contents of the `properties[].value`, `properties[].newValues`, `descriptors[].value` and `valuespaces[].value` properties can be parsed with the [CSSTree Value Definition Syntax parser](https://github.com/csstree/csstree/blob/master/docs/definition-syntax.md#value-definition-syntax). Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSS fragments that appear in the objects, in other words the contents of the `properties[].value`, `properties[].newValues`, `descriptors[].value` and `valuespaces[].value` properties can be parsed with the [CSSTree Value Definition Syntax parser](https://github.com/csstree/csstree/blob/master/docs/definition-syntax.md#value-definition-syntax). Example:
```

# CSS definitions of the web platform

> This package contains CSS property definitions scraped from the latest versions of web platform specifications in [webref](https://github.com/w3c/webref), with fixes applied to ensure all CSS value definitions can be parsed and are internally consistent.

Author: That makes sense. There are tests that we could add over time to make sure that we have all the CSS properties and values that we need. Right now, there are values that are not used anywhere (e.g. because I believe that we do not yet extract @rules) and there are likely missing values (e.g. because these values are defined in prose).

> This package contains CSS property definitions scraped from the latest versions of web platform specifications in [webref](https://github.com/w3c/webref), with fixes applied to ensure all CSS value definitions can be parsed and are internally consistent.

Reviewer: Indeed. I started writing some code for https://github.com/foolip/mdn-bcd-collector/issues/705 and it quickly became clear that what's extracted from CSS specs isn't consistent. There are duplicate definitions and missing definitions.

# API

> The async `listAll()` method resolves with an object where the keys are spec shortnames, and the values are objects with an async `json()` method to get the contents of the file as a JSON object. Example:

Author: OK, I'll update to only have a `listAll()` function that does what `parseAll()` currently does.

```js
const css = require('@webref/css');

const files = await css.listAll();
for (const [shortname, file] of Object.entries(files)) {
  const json = await file.json();
  // do something with json object
}
```

As a shorthand, the async `parseAll()` method resolves with an object where the keys are spec shortnames and the values are the result of parsing the CSS files as JSON. Example:

```js
const css = require('@webref/css');

const parsedFiles = await css.parseAll();
for (const [shortname, json] of Object.entries(parsedFiles)) {
  // do something with the json object
}
```

CSS fragments that appear in the JSON objects, in other words the contents of the `properties[].value`, `properties[].newValue`, `descriptors[].value` and `valuespaces[].value` properties can be parsed with the [CSSTree Value Definition Syntax parser](https://github.com/csstree/csstree/blob/master/docs/definition-syntax.md#value-definition-syntax). Example:

```js
const css = require('@webref/css');
const { definitionSyntax } = require('css-tree');

> const parsedFiles = await css.parseAll();
> for (const [shortname, json] of Object.entries(parsedFiles)) {
>   if (json.properties) {
>     for (const [name, desc] of json.properties) {
>       if (desc.value) {
>         const ast = definitionSyntax.parse(desc.value);
>         // do something with the ast
>       }
>     }
>   }
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const parsedFiles = await css.parseAll();
for (const [shortname, data] of Object.entries(parsedFiles)) {
  for (const [name, desc] of Object.entries(data.properties)) {
    if (desc.value) {
      const ast = definitionSyntax.parse(desc.value);
      // do something with the ast
    }
  }
}
```
```
